INHERITING THE ALL-INCLUSIVE CHRIST AS THE GOOD LAND 
Message Two 
Inheriting the All-inclusive Christ as the Good Land by Taking Heed to His Words of Advice and Warnings and by Receiving His Renewed Training 
to Have Our Inner Man Renewed Day by Day 
Scripture Reading: Heb. 3:12, 16-19; 4:2, 6; 11:1; 1 Cor. 10:1-14; Psa. 106:24-25; Deut. 8:3; Matt. 4:4 
I. The goal of God's calling of the children of Israel was that they would enter into the promised land to enjoy its riches so that they might establish God's kingdom and be God's expression on earth-Exo. 3:8, 14, 17: 
A. Although all Israel was redeemed through the passover, delivered out of the Egyptian tyranny, and brought to the mountain of God to receive the revelation of God's dwelling place, the tabernacle, nearly all fell and died in the wilderness, failing to reach this goal (Heb. 3:7-19) because of their evildoings and unbelief. 
B. This signifies that although we have been redeemed through Christ, delivered out of Satan's bondage, and brought into the revelation of God's economy, we may yet fail to reach the goal of God's calling, that is, to enter into the possession of our good land, Christ, and enjoy His riches for the kingdom of God that we may be His expression in the present age and participate in the utter- most enjoyment of Christ in the kingdom age-Matt. 25:21, 23. C. Only Caleb and Joshua reached the goal and entered into the good land; like Caleb and Joshua, we New Testament believers need to "pursue toward the goal" (the fullest enjoyment and gaining of Christ) "for the prize" (the uttermost enjoyment of Christ in the millennial kingdom)-Num. 14:27-30; Phil. 3:12-14: 
1. Ten of the twelve men whom Moses sent to spy out the land brought an evil report that caused the children of Israel to murmur and rebel against the word of the Lord, but Caleb and Joshua said to the whole assembly, "Only do not rebel against Jehovah, nor should you fear the people of the land [the Ana- kim], for they are our bread"-Num. 14:9. 
2. The word of God is our bread (Matt. 4:4), doing God's will is our food (John 4:34), and our bread is also the Anakim (Num. 14:9), who represent the seemingly insurmountable obstacles and impossible situations in our pursuit of Christ for the build- ing up of the church. 
